---
layout: post

#event information
title:  "Reading Festival Outreach 2015"
cover: "/img/festivalstage.jpg"
date:   2015-08-26
start_time: "11:00"
end_time: "16:00"

#event organiser details
organiser: "Ian Stanley"



---

# Reading Festival Outreach 2015
This year the churches in Reading are hoping to work together helping and praying for the work of those churches who have planned outreach for the Reading Festival.

Churches and organisations who have expressed an interest in working together: All Nations, Argyle Community Church, Carey Baptist, Carey Westwood Farm, Caversham Baptist, Coley Park Baptist, Earley Christian Fellowship, Eden (Woodley), The Gideons, Gracechurch Caversham, Greyfriars, Kennet Valley, Lifespring, New Hope, Norcott Mission, Reading Christian Network, Reading Community Church, Reading Family Church, Salvation Army, St Barnabas, Street Pastors (Reading), The Open Air Mission, Tyndale Baptist, Vineyard, and Wycliffe.

So far there are 48 individual sessions of events planned across the week.

## Outreach Promo Video
We have a (video)[http://shinny.co.uk/severn/videos/prereading2015v3.mov] produced by one of our techie members at Reading Family Church (running time 2:50). Please feel free to use to advertise the outreach.


## Keeping Up To Date
The best way to keep up to date with what's happening at the events during the festival is to look at our Twitter feed (you don't need a Twitter account!).

A Twitter account has been setup to enable communication / prayer requests from the teams on the ground with the churches.
Subscribe to @readingoutreach with your Twitter client or point your web browser at www.twitter.com/readingoutreach
If you are on one of the teams the churches would like to hear from your teams so they can pray intelligently. You may keep people up to date in two ways:
• If you are familiar with Twitter then please contact Ian Stanley on 079135 13808 for the Twitter account details.
• If you aren't uncomfortable with using Twitter you can always forward the news to Ian Stanley who will tweet it on your behalf to let the churches know what is going on.

## Media Coverage
Matthew Treacy from BBC Berkshire has been contacting various churches regarding their preparations for the Reading Festival for a featured Sunday AM programme.
